Improve account abstraction docs (#87)
vechain/vechain-docs: core-concepts/account-abstraction/account-factory-contract.md

## Role

The Account Factory contract plays a crucial role in the lifecycle of a UserOperation:

* **Initialization with initCode**: When a UserOperation includes the initCode field, the EntryPoint contract invokes the Account Factory contract to deploy the corresponding Account contract.
* **Seamless Integration**: Ensures the created Account contract adheres to the required interface for subsequent operations.

## Implementation

> Each Account Factory contract is independently deployed and configured, tailored to the specific requirements of the associated Account contract. Smart contract wallet providers may implement distinct features to offer competitive advantages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Account Factory contract is independently deployed. Each smart contract wallet provider may create their own Account Factory tailored to their specific requirements. The Smart Account contract that gets deployed may also be different.
```
